---
description: A message from the creator of Tokun Monsuta
cover: ../.gitbook/assets/image.jpg
coverY: 194
---

# About the creator

_**Since I was a teenager, I’ve always dreamed of creating my own game and building a strong community around it.**_ I grew up during the _Gen X / early Millennial_ era and have been an avid gamer my entire life. As a gamer, I’ve always found the most valuable aspect of games are the communities that form around them and the amazing friendships you build along the way. These friendships, many of which are life-long, have completely changed my life and changed why I play games. Community became such a driving factor that it was difficult for me to play any game that didn’t involve some element of social interaction or competition.

Although I grew up on single player games and remember loving them as a kid, I realized after a while that I never actually enjoyed these games alone. Games like Mario Party, Mario Kart, Goldeneye, Perfect Dark, Mortal Kombat… I was almost always playing them with friends or family. Even my favorite single player games like Zelda, Super Mario World, Tony Hawk, Eternal Darkness, were always played with friends and family either watching, or taking turns playing - with the exception of my brother, who would be honored just to watch me play LOL... Discovering these mysterious worlds and exploring these exciting stories with others were the most treasured experiences of my childhood.

During my formative years, I moved across the country with my family, leaving behind cousins and many close friends. I felt my social circle and my entire world shrink. It was a challenging time for me emotionally, but very soon gaming became a tool that allowed me to stay connected. At the time, **World of Warcraft**, one of the most popular MMOs of all time, was the game all my friends were getting into. It was the next level of social gaming, generating entire communities through common goals which were completely reliant upon player interaction and communication. It was the epitome of teamwork. Every effort spent creating a strong community was rewarded a hundred fold with greater team cohesion and skillful players that were needed to defeat the most difficult bosses in the game. From then on I knew I wanted to be involved with gaming communities for the rest of my life.

Fast forward to 2019 and I found myself as the Guild Master of one of the best guilds on WoW Classic (_Atiesh server represent!_) trying to relive the experience of my formative years. Many milestones come to mind now, including being one of the first on my server to receive the _**Benediction**_ staff, my all-time favorite weapon. I was also one of the few on my server to complete the monumental task of opening the gates of Ahn'Qiraj, and being rewarded with the _**Black Qiraji legendary mount**_. Probably the best memory of all is finishing Classic as the #1 guild on the server in speed and execution in Naxxramas. None of these amazing experiences would be possible without the incredible teamwork and dedication of my guild members.

Classic was one of the best experiences in my life, not only because I got to experience it all with my brother, but because I made so many amazing life-long friends in the process. I have fond memories of late-night conversations with guild-mates following a long raid, where we would brainstorm new strategies and talk about how amazing different people did in specific fights and how we could help others to replicate that high level gameplay. Ultimately, our efforts were rewarded and we had the most thrilling experience that Classic WoW had to offer. We also talked a lot about how the game could be even better if we were able to make changes ourselves. These conversations sparked the motivation I needed to realize a lifelong dream… the dream of developing my own game.

As I began to outline the stages I needed to accomplish my goal, I quickly realized how difficult it would be. The _**traditional gaming industry**_ was incredibly saturated, making it nearly impossible to compete for attention. Developing a game from scratch and competing with companies that controlled the gaming market for decades seemed like an impossible task. It was at this point of discouragement that I was introduced to NFTs. The prospect of gamers owning their individual intellectual property made perfect sense to me, and everything suddenly clicked in my head.

The NFT space provides a pathway for creators and gamers to build value together. A space where powerful stories can bring together passionate communities that inspire growth in the best ideas. It also provided a unique opportunity to reward early adopters and investors with influence over the direction of the company as well as future plans to invest in spinoff projects. I saw a bright future for _<mark style="color:blue;">**Tokun Monsuta**</mark>_ and could see clearly the value and fun this game could bring to the gaming space. A space that was quickly growing tired of lifeless and unoriginal profile-pic (_**PfP**_) projects with apes, cats and whatever other animal you can think of, a space with companies always on the lookout for the next quick money grab.

_**Tokun Monsuta can change the game for NFTs**_, building a community where trust is built on transparency and accountability. This is why, as founders, we decided early to fully dox ourselves to prove we aren’t just looking to build up a project to flip for profit.

Over the past several months my brother and I have dedicated nearly every waking hour to building an idea that will flourish into a game and a community that bridges the gaming and NFT space, and which will set a new standard for all others to follow.

I admit staying motivated was more than tough, not because of the time involved in creating all the monsters (_yes, every monster design was carefully crafted by me_), or because of the capital I had to pour into the project to get it off the ground. To be honest, the toughest part was keeping the lid on the project until I knew it was polished enough to share with the world. This is where my brother and co-founder **Essy** has been an incredible support. He has been the project’s sounding board and has never been afraid to be brutally honest. His input has allowed me to play out my ideas and develop them in a way I could never have imagined I was able to when I started this project. The storylines are extensive, the plot so rich and the characters so complex, we are sure the public will be thirsting to learn more once they get their first taste.

Throughout my life, gaming has led me to develop invaluable social and emotional skills. These skills have helped me as a business owner and manager, as well as a community manager outside of WoW. I’ve been responsible for building other community driven projects such as the _Pokemon Go Rhode Island_ and _Pokemon Go Southern Massachusetts_ communities and discords which have grown to over 2000+ active members and counting (_Yes, people still play Pokemon GO!_). I’ve also owned and operated one of the most reputable and successful tattoo and piercing parlors in all of New England for over 10 years (_which if you know the space well, is more like 100 years relatively speaking_). In between these projects, I’ve worked as a full time freelance graphic/media designer, an experience that continues to fuel my creative expertise, one I’m happy now to pour into the growth of <mark style="color:blue;">**Tokun Monsuta**</mark>.

With your involvement, my vision of creating a space dedicated to gamers will certainly be possible. I couldn’t have come this far without my family and friends’ persistent support. The amazing development team at _**Zfort**_ and **Arcane Owl** and the other brilliant artists I’ve had the pleasure to collaborate with so far have all helped me in bringing my dream to life. I am extremely grateful for all of their valuable input. I look forward to my continued collaboration with them to make this game a reality. It would mean the world to me for the early community to play an important role in the development of the game going forward. I welcome everyone’s ideas and suggestions. Please feel free to join our discord community or post to our twitter so we can hear what you have to say about <mark style="color:blue;">**Tokun Monsuta**</mark>.

Thank you :blue\_heart:\
-Dave
