# A player-minded approach

As longtime gamers, we recognize the importance of consulting our industry experts (_gamers_), when developing a great game. Our most beloved franchises have all found success operating from a player-minded approach. While some games were simple enough for players of all skill levels to enjoy, others rose to greater complexity, bringing about two competing audiences; the casual player and the hardcore gamer. The challenge of striking a balance between these competing interests is not easy, but it is crucial to ensuring the long-term success of any popular game. We believe the best way to achieve this balance is to allow our community to have a stake in the decision-making process which in turn will affect the direction of the game.

To achieve this goal, <mark style="color:blue;">**Tokun Monsuta**</mark> will utilize a **DAO** protocol to ensure that major decisions which impact balance within the game will require input from our player base. In addition to this, we have structured our growth model upon player activity, both in-game and in our marketplace. After the initial mint of monsters, players will be given full control over the “creation” of new monsters as well as the rate at which new players can enter the game. As players capture wild monsters in-game, many of them will choose to sell them on our marketplace to new players wishing to gain entry to the game. This approach provides players with the greatest opportunity to realize the value of early entry, giving them the power to create new entry points for the game. After purchasing their monster and gaining access to the game, players will be able to earn enough <mark style="color:orange;">Tokun</mark> within our free-to-play _**Adventure Mode**_ to engage in all game modes without needing to interact with our real-money Marketplace. We believe that as players grow to understand the additional value that the blockchain provides they will choose to interact more with our real-money Marketplace to capitalize on their investment of time and skill.
