# Empowering the player

The Achilles’ heel of the current **play-and-earn** (P\&E) game model is the lack of balanced competitive play it provides. As players are financially able to buy the most powerful items in the game, there is little incentive to develop skill or invest time for in-game rewards. As a result, there hardly is a difference between items earned vs purchased. Even the most successful P\&E models in the current gaming market offer few if any mechanisms to prevent or dissuade “_whales_” from controlling marketplaces and ultimately entire in-game economies. In fact, this disorder has forced leading projects within the space to take drastic steps in order to combat the imbalance’s negative effects on the growth of their player base.

<mark style="color:blue;">**Tokun Monsuta**</mark>'s game model is structured differently. While we reward all players with access to a marketplace to buy and sell in-game items, nearly every item listed must first be earned in-game. This ensures a level of scarcity within the market, gated by the sheer time and skill that’s required to earn in-game items. We also restrict players from selling the most powerful and rarest items within the game, providing our most skilled gamers with a power level not attainable by money alone. This model balances the interests of “_hardcore_” gamers with “_casual_” players, by allowing gamers to reach a level of power that isn’t trivialized by money, while also ensuring that every player can acquire powerful items to improve their gameplay experience along their way to reaching end game content.

We recognize that the collective experience of our community is the most valuable and powerful tool in the creation of the next great gaming experience. This is why we are eager to hear from our community and to provide channels in which players can bring forth their ideas, excitement and creativity and help us to facilitate a player experience that rewards passionate communities. Indeed, the most exciting aspect of our project has always been the deep and expansive storyline that we have created with all of you in mind, which holds vast potential for future endeavors. Tokun Monsuta draws its inspiration from an archive of iconic games and movies, a sort of _**collective gamers’ subconscious**_. It draws its strength, leverage and innovative spirit from the dynamic power of blockchain technology. Our mission is to create an immersive and timeless experience for players. We will not stop until we have achieved our goal.
