# Misconceptions about NFTs

The media has generated many misconceptions about the value of NFTs, most of which are just uninformed. Images of monkeys selling for millions of dollars and derivative projects riding mostly on hype have resulted in a tremendously misleading narrative around the underlying utility of this new technology. While many early teams were committed to realizing greater utility in their brands and technology, the vast majority of projects entered the market with no clear vision of how they were going to reach the lofty goals they set out for themselves. Simultaneously, as with any burgeoning market, the NFT market was attracting a host of bad actors. At the height of the bull market, hundreds of new NFT projects were being created every day. The vast majority of these hype-driven projects were vehicles for scammers, intent on misleading investors and stealing their money as often as they could before the bull market would subside. These scammers were calculated and had their tradecraft to a near-science, often using proven templates and targeting individuals new to the _NFT space_ with a history of being scammed within more traditional markets. This trend resulted in a myriad of misconceptions about the underlying utility of _NFT technology_ and a hyper-focus on bad actors within the space.

It’s no wonder why so many have missed the point of this new technology. Much like the early internet, NFT technology is currently in a “proof of concept” phase, with the end goal being the fully-realized potential to bring new levels of value to people through technology. We believe the “proof of concept” stage will be short-lived and that the ever-growing potential of NFTs will soon be actualized as society begins to appreciate the true value of intellectual property.

As popular gaming companies flirt with the prospect of integrating NFTs into their traditional models, a great deal of backlash can be heard from within their community of gamers. These concerns have largely stemmed from the deep mistrust of corporate influence within gaming and popular culture. Sadly, the NFT space has adopted much of the very same corporate culture of greed. Many innovative creators entering the NFT space with excitement and bold dreams are advised to rely on a network of established projects and influencers in order to find success. We believe this trend to be short-lived. As adoption of blockchain and NFT technology continues to grow, competition will lead companies to abandon manufactured models and create their own IP to foster long-term success.

Despite the current culture in the market, NFTs as a technology are uniquely positioned to change this corporatized mindset by providing an unparalleled platform of innovation and creativity. Smart contracts and blockchain technology provide users with full ownership and control of their digital assets. Tools such as **Decentralized Autonomous Organizations** (_DAOs_) allow individual investors to be directly involved in a company’s decision-making process. **Revenue Distribution** (_RevDis_) gives companies the opportunity to share profits with investors. Collaborations between companies to promote interoperability and seamless communication of systems is made possible through open source blockchain contracts. To conclude, smart contracts are an innovation because they provide a trustless alternative to the many closed technological ecosystems that make up the structure of the status quo, one infinitely more efficient thanks to the power of open source development. There is truly unlimited opportunity for new utility and fresh ideas to thrive within the open source model that NFT technology is built upon. While anyone can be lucky enough to make a quick profit from flipping an NFT, the most creative quality projects will attract long-term investors interested in the vision of innovators. Ultimately these projects will live long enough to effect change in this brand new space, ushering in a new meta by which all future projects will be held against.
